Add changelog info to docs and contribution guide (#5093)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: CONTRIBUTING.MD

Most contributions involve some sort of documentation. See our [doc contribution guidelines][doc-contrib] for details.

## Changelog

> The operator-sdk maintains a changelog and most contributions should involve a changelog fragment following the following [template][changelog-template]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The operator-sdk maintains a changelog and most contributions should involve a changelog entry. See our [changelog contribution guidelines][changelog-contrib] for details.
```

[operator_framework]: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/operator-framework
[developer-guide]: https://sdk.operatorframework.io/docs/contribution-guidelines/developer-guide/
[reporting-issues]: https://sdk.operatorframework.io/docs/contribution-guidelines/reporting-issues/
[golang-style-doc]: https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/CodeReviewComments
[doc-contrib]: https://sdk.operatorframework.io/docs/contribution-guidelines/documentation

> [changelog-template]: https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/blob/master/changelog/fragments/00-template.yaml

Reviewer: This will be broken in this PR but pass once it's merged.
```suggestion
[changelog-contrib]:https://master.sdk.operatorframework.io/docs/contribution-guidelines/changelog
```
